it was more concerned with his flat
thumbs here's how Matt and aliona got on
on Saturday you want to go out there
with a routine that you're confident
with especially with this dance because
it's so beautiful and so lovely you want
to make sure it's as heavenly as it can
be lovely flat back wide elbows lyrical
movement it was truly fabulous
you will lead in aliona around the floor
like a true gentleman you look like a
rinse out there you're so elegant you're
a wonderful wonderful gowns hey
it felt so nice actually to get you know
bug out there and get into hold and just
kind of have a bit of a dreamy time
every dance that we're doing has been so
different to the last one asked goers
have been really consistent visible
system and beautiful comments and the
audience loved it please welcome mat
analia now
you look incredibly comfortable doing
Viennese Waltz because he'd had a week
of yakking we're not actually physically
yakking but feeling very sick yes and
right yeah yes quite uh but did you find
it were you out though the swing just
having a lovely time did you know it
just felt so lovely they're different
pace to all the other dances that we've
done beforehand so it was quite nice and
and I just just thoroughly enjoyable to
go out there and it just let it flow and
and just you know and being hold again
because as well you know it's you feel a
bit exposed when you're not in hold it's
just so nice to sort of grab hold of
each other and then go around the dance
floor it was very beautiful did
everything go as planned a lien or did
you have a swing Messer well the thing
is his tails got caught on the swings so
that what made it move but when i watch
the back it actually was quite nice that
the swing was moving between us and the
wife added the movement that quite like
that I just think my arms up that circle
between the ropes like that I'm the Rope
round the ropes and off we go like
Hamburglar and we've been talking about
your thumbs oh oh now Jim you do you
understand I mean I don't know whether
he wants to get like that or I mean we
can ask him I've already asked him he
answered me I actually wish the back
when she answered you so basically it
should have been lowered a little bit
okay um are you worried about getting
the 10 because we're just pretending
that you're worried about it because no
I mean it's useful for us are you are
you waiting for the 10 chill no I'm not
really to be honest I mean you know that
week when everybody was getting tense
and then we went out there and and and
that was the Argentine tango week and
and you know i felt pressure then but
now having passed that now we just go
out and dance do you know what i mean
and um I think I happy just to try and
go out and do a good job ray it's all
about the good dancing for us at this
point really it would be nice to have a
10 yeah it's we're not really just
aiming for it okay there's no how a
choice at the end of the day is it you
guys got to go out there white see all
my let's go uh not from the northeast of
riding your
remind us of somebody else from the
Northeast think this is the home of
Billy Elliot it's where all young
northeast answer star lout inside every
one of us there is a special talent
waiting to come out but news be retained
over the father the trick is finding it
control it you're not controlling your
rotation forward one two I'm gone like
that have enough yeah that was wrong
that was perfect perfect you're going to
be a beautiful ballroom dancer
this autumn we invite you to witness one
man's journey from farmer to ballroom
dancer
you sir are one to watch Matty Elliott
coming to a dance floor near you let's
get the run to it dear my favorite place
in the whole thing with aliona going
yeah yeah yeah that was wrong I'm quite
scared just watching it you've got the
Rumba coming out lots of men find the
Rumba very difficult Scott got a fort
was there it was sort of the dance that
unstuck him if you like yeah are you
worried as well Jeff I'm actually I mean
I'm it may not look very good but I'm
enjoying doing it i mean i have to say
it feels like one of my favorites just
to just to actually do it and yeah i'm
enjoying it and hey it's quite an
internal thing so maybe you know with
scott maybe he was loving it as well but
it just doesn't come around i just hope
that aliana how are you fine exits
difficult for the mail because they sort
of they can't move and they've got the
Rumba face will talk well i actually
think that are mad this week actually
last week for the ballroom but he hit a
new level yeah which makes him more
confident and she dances better and
which helps the dance and I think all of
that kind of combined together makes a
good performance I've watched a lot of
your amber training I've I've now said
it out loud the Rumba face I mean it's
good because you have to take it
seriously can you do your rumba face
when I don't know what it is though now
like they have a between if you have to
be in them to do it but gosh no I have
start I don't even know what it is
weighted changes well you do it wait
because our favorite thank you oh dear
not get better than that yeah but yet
gone don't worry so you have to look at
him give it I need the music and all
okay how a final question however
hustles gone today um alright yeah we
actually really enjoyed it yeah it looks
very different you taking it the
strictly studio because it is so
intimate when you're in like the you
know a little dance studio tickling the
massive studio and you know oh gosh yeah
it's a bit strange but hopefully we'll
keep it as yes
okay all right we can't wait thank you
so much for coming in man